Components: document CSS module class composition (#79490)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/CONTRIBUTING.md

All new components should be styled using SCSS Modules.

> Place component-local styles in a `style.module.scss` file next to the component, import the module from JavaScript or TypeScript, and compose class names with `clsx`. Preserve existing public `components-*` class names where consumers may rely on them. For dynamic values, prefer inline CSS custom properties consumed by the SCSS module. For variants and state, prefer conditional module classes composed with `clsx`. When a conditional class comes from a CSS module, use `condition && styles.className` instead of a computed object key (`{ [ styles.className ]: condition }`), because a missing module export can otherwise become a literal `undefined` class in tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place component-local styles in a `style.module.scss` file next to the component, import the module from JavaScript or TypeScript, and compose class names with `clsx`. Preserve existing public `components-*` class names where consumers may rely on them. For dynamic values, prefer inline CSS custom properties consumed by the SCSS module. For variants and state, prefer conditional module classes composed with `clsx`. When a conditional class comes from a CSS module, use `condition && styles.className` instead of a computed object key (`{ [ styles.className ]: condition }`), because CSS modules are mocked as empty objects in Jest tests, which result in a literal `undefined` class.
```

Maybe something like this, to make it clear that styles will _always_ be missing in tests.

			className={ clsx(
				'components-my-component',
				styles.root,
				className,
				! __nextHasNoOuterMargins &&

> 					styles.deprecatedOuterMargins

Author: Keeping the non-object form here, since the object form can produce `undefined` as an object key
